---
layout: page
title: 2025 ACF Fall
permalink: /tournaments/fall/2025/
nav_order: 2
last_updated: September 24, 2025
---

**ACF Fall** is the premier easy tournament in college quizbowl. Designed as an introduction to college quizbowl for novices and players with limited high school quizbowl experience, over 200 teams compete on ACF Fall each year, making it the most widely-played set in the college calendar.

# Table of Contents
{: .no_toc}
* A markdown unordered list which will be replaced with the ToC, excluding the "Contents header" from above
{:toc}

# 2025 ACF Fall

[2025 ACF Fall](https://hsquizbowl.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=29146) will be held on October 18, 2025.

## Editors

2025 ACF Fall is head edited by Eva Wang. The subject breakdown by editor is:

| Editor             | Subjects                                                |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| Abhinav Rachakonda | Religion, Myth                                          |
| Forrest Weintraub  | Physics, Philosophy, Other Science (excl. Math)         |
| Lucia Gellert      | American Literature                                     |
| Noah Chin          | British Literature, European Literature                 |
| Yaj Jhajhria       | American History, European History, Social Science      |
| Jason Zhang        | Chemistry, Biology                                      |
| Evan Knox          | Current Events, Pop Culture, Other Fine Arts, Geography |
| Ganon Evans        | Visual Fine Arts, World History                         |
| Rhys Lewis         | Math, Auditory Fine Arts                                |
| Sean Farrell       | Other History, World Literature                         |

## Hosting

If you are interested in hosting a mirror of ACF Fall, fill out the [hosting bid form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc705KZMevl1T4aLNev5xkSC-h2ArEoZ7zFZY3b_r_P4W3AOw/viewform) before 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on Sunday, August 17, 2025. Mirrors of this tournament may be held in-person or online. If you have any questions about hosting, please email ACF’s Site Coordinator at [hosting@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:hosting@acf-quizbowl.com). Hosts must abide by [ACF’s Hosting Guidelines](https://acf-quizbowl.com/guidelines/hosting/).

## Registration

Teams may register for the tournament by filling out the [central 2025 ACF Fall registration form](https://forms.gle/CryUsuvrVvU5SgXK6). Tournament sites are listed below under [Hosting](#hosting).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If possible, teams should register for the site that is geographically closest to them and/or is in the region where they would normally play.

After the field cap for their site is reached, teams will be placed on a waitlist or potentially assigned to another site. Registration will close on October 12, 2025.

## Distribution

ACF Fall uses the [standard ACF distribution](/writing/distribution).

## Fees

The fee structure for ACF Fall is taken from [ACF's hosting guidelines](/hosting/#acf-fall).

{: .table-multi}
|                  | Type                         | Team Amount                         | Host Share                          | ACF Share                           |
| :--------------: | ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
|     **Fee**      | Base                         | $120                                | $60                                 | $60                                 |
|                  | New to quizbowl              | −$80                                | −$20                                | −$60                                |
|        ^^        | Shorthanded<br>(1–2 players) | −$60                                | −$40                                | −$20                                |
| ^^ **Discounts** | Travel                       | −$10 per 200 miles traveled one-way | −$10 per 200 miles traveled one-way | N/A                                 |
|        ^^        | Buzzer(s)                    | −$10 per buzzer                     | −$10 per buzzer                     | N/A                                 |
|        ^^        | Staffer(s)                   | −$25 per staffer                    | −$25 per staffer                    | N/A                                 |
|        ^^        | Packet submission            | [-$60 to -$5](#submission-schedule) | N/A                                 | [-$60 to -$5](#submission-schedule) |

> [!NOTE]
>
> 1. Travel discount applies to at most one team per school.
> 2. Buzzers must be functional.
> 3. Staffers must have functional laptop and internet connection.
> 4. All staffers, including moderators, must register with ACF in advance.

The new to quizbowl discount is for schools that have not sent a team to any regular collegiate academic tournament since September 1, 2024, and have no one on the team(s) claiming this discount who played those tournaments for another school. Exclusively novice tournaments do not count as regular collegiate academic tournaments.

Host sites will bill teams as soon as possible after the teams register. Teams should pay their host sites by whatever method is convenient for the hosts, who will in turn pay ACF by check, cash, or PayPal.

The minimum fee is $0 per team.

## Packet Submission

As for the past few editions of ACF Fall, no teams are required to submit questions in order to play the tournament. However, ACF still needs high-quality half-packet submissions from teams to complete the set. This year, each team has the option to submit either a full half-packet (12/12 questions) or a quarter-packet of 7/7 questions, with adjusted discounts listed below.

If a team wishes to outsource part of its packet to a player not expected to play on that team (e.g., a student who has graduated), it must first receive approval from the head editors. Non-playing students are welcome and encouraged to help their newer club members write, but it's useful to know the contributors for both credit and logistical reasons.

### Submission Schedule

| Submission Deadline | Packet Discount (Half) | Packet Discount (7/7) |
| ------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- |
| July 20, 2025       | -$60                   | -$30                  |
| August 03, 2025     | -$40                   | -$20                  |
| August 10, 2025     | -$30                   | -$15                  |
| August 17, 2025     | -$30                   | -$10                  |
| August 24, 2025     | -$10                   | -$5                   |

### Packet Distribution & Authorship

If you would like to submit a half-packet or quarter-packet, fill out the [packet submission form](https://forms.gle/wjUgjYocWuYXiMvH9). The head editor(s) will respond with a half-packet or quarter-packet template specifying which categories you are assigned to write.

Your assigned half-packet may ask for questions from more specific categories within the distribution. For instance, instead of being assigned an “American Literature” tossup, you might be asked to write a question on 20th-century American poetry, or an Economics bonus instead of “Social Science/Philosophy.”

Before writing, please review [ACF’s packet submission guidelines](/guidelines/packet-sub) and stick to the format provided. Questions should be written in 10 pt Times New Roman with one-inch margins. Tossups should be 6-7 lines, and each bonus part should be at maximum 2 lines in length. Teams may be asked to edit submissions, which may lead to them missing deadlines, if multiple questions are much too short or much too long.

When finished, submit your half-packet or quarter-packet by emailing it to [fall@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:fall@acf-quizbowl.com).

* Please format the half-packet as a `.docx` or `.doc` before sending it.
* The email subject line should list the name of the school, the team number (if applicable), and the words “half-packet.”
* To to meet a given deadline, the finished packet must be sent to that email before 11:59 Pacific Time on the corresponding listed day.

If multiple teams from one school are submitting packets, they should NOT be aware of each others’ questions. Any roster changes that entail an author for one packet playing for another (e.g., if a player on Team B moves to Team A) should be flagged to the TD and to [fall@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:fall@acf-quizbowl.com).

### Tips & Guidelines

* Tossup answerlines should generally emphasize playability over creativity; aim for creative and interesting clues with straightforward answerlines. Especially if you are submitting for one of the later deadlines, the frequency of topic clashes means that broad common-link questions are unlikely to be used.
* When writing bonuses, aim for the easy parts to have 90% conversion, medium parts to have 50% conversion, and hard parts to have 10% conversion.

More information can be found in [ACF’s packet submission guidelines](/guidelines/packet-sub).

## Eligibility

To make this tournament more accessible to new teams and players, ACF is enforcing eligibility guidelines for ACF Fall. Players are not eligible to compete at 2025 ACF Fall if, _at any point_, they:

* Scored more than 60 PPG in the prelims of a college mirror of ACF Fall, **OR**
Were the top scorer (highest overall PPG) on a team that finished in the top 15% of the field, rounded up, at ACF Fall, **OR**
* Scored more than 60 PP20TUH in the prelims of HSNCT or 60 PPG in the prelims of PACE NSC, **OR**
* Were the top scorer (highest overall PPG) on a team that finished in the top 30 at HSNCT or top 10 at PACE NSC, **OR**
* Finished in the top 12 in IPNCT
* Scored more than 20 PPG in the prelims of ACF Nationals

Players are responsible for determining their own eligibility; if you have questions, or believe a player should be eligible to play but is excluded by the current guidelines, please don’t hesitate to email [eligibility@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:eligibility@acf-quizbowl.com). Failure to abide by these eligibility guidelines may result in disqualification from ACF Fall and/or future ACF tournaments.

## Mirrors

Mirrors will by default be regional. ACF reserves the right to move teams and staffers between sites.

ACF intends to host closed collegiate mirrors of 2025 ACF Fall in the following [regions](/guidelines/hosting#regions-according-to-acf):

| Region                            | Site                |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Northeast                         | MIT                 |
| Upper Mid-Atlantic                | Rutgers             |
| Upstate New York                  | Cornell             |
| Lower Mid-Atlantic                | UNC                 |
| Southeast                         | Georgia Tech        |
| Florida                           | Florida Tech        |
| Great Lakes                       | Ohio State          |
| Midwest                           | Illinois            |
| North                             | Minnesota           |
| South Central                     | Oklahoma            |
| Pacific Northwest / Mountain West | Washington (Online) |
| Northern California               | UC Berkeley         |
| Southern California               | Claremont           |
| Eastern Canada                    | Toronto; McGill     |
| United Kingdom                    | Durham; Cambridge   |
| Overflow (Online)                 | Washington (Online) |

As in previous years, ACF is willing to provide the ACF Fall set for high-school-only tournaments. If you are interested in hosting a high-school-only mirror of 2025 ACF Fall, email [hosting@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:hosting@acf-quizbowl.com) and CC [fall@acf-quizbowl.com](mailto:fall@acf-quizbowl.com). However, we do not plan to offer mixed mirrors that include high school and college teams.

ACF intends to host the following high-school-only mirrors of 2025 ACF Fall:

* Nationwide (Online)
* Rockford Auburn High School (In-Person)
* St. Xaver High School (In-Person)

## Past Tournaments

Sample questions from previous iterations of ACF Fall are on the [Collegiate Quizbowl Packet Archive](https://hsquizbowl.org/db/questionsets/search/?name=ACF+Fall&col=1&season=&archived=y).

Announcements and information about previous iterations of ACF Fall are archived below:

* [2024 ACF Fall](/tournaments/fall/2024/)
